![](/onlinejudge/image/banner.jpg)

Welcome to ZOJ

[Login](/onlinejudge/login.do) | [Register](/onlinejudge/register.do)

[Home](/onlinejudge/) | [Contests](/onlinejudge/showContests.do) |
[Problems](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do) | [Forum](/forum/) |
[Donation](/donation/)

![](/onlinejudge/image/arrow_sub2.gif)

[Problem Sets](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do)

[Information](/onlinejudge/problemsetInfo.do?contestId=1)

[Select Problem](/onlinejudge/showProblems.do?contestId=1)

[Runs](/onlinejudge/showRuns.do?contestId=1)

[Ranklist](/onlinejudge/showRankList.do?contestId=1&from=0&order=AC)

![](/onlinejudge/image/cpc_acm.jpg)

ZOJ Problem Set - 1037

Gridland

* * *

Time Limit:  2 Seconds
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
Memory Limit:  65536 KB

* * *

**Background**  
  
For years, computer scientists have been trying to find efficient solutions to
different computing problems. For some of them efficient algorithms are
already available, these are the "easy" problems like sorting, evaluating a
polynomial or finding the shortest path in a graph. For the "hard" ones only
exponential-time algorithms are known. The traveling-salesman problem belongs
to this latter group. Given a set of N towns and roads between these towns,
the problem is to compute the shortest path allowing a salesman to visit each
of the towns once and only once and return to the starting point.

  
**Problem**  
  
The president of Gridland has hired you to design a program that calculates
the length of the shortest traveling-salesman tour for the towns in the
country. In Gridland, there is one town at each of the points of a rectangular
grid. Roads run from every town in the directions North, Northwest, West,
Southwest, South, Southeast, East, and Northeast, provided that there is a
neighbouring town in that direction. The distance between neighbouring towns
in directions North-South or East-West is 1 unit. The length of the roads is
measured by the Euclidean distance. For example, Figure 7 shows 2 *
3-Gridland, i.e., a rectangular grid of dimensions 2 by 3. In 2 * 3-Gridland,
the shortest tour has length 6.

![](showImage.do?name=0000%2F1037%2F1037.gif)

Figure 7: A traveling-salesman tour in 2 * 3-Gridland.

**Input**  
  
The first line contains the number of scenarios.

  
For each scenario, the grid dimensions m and n will be given as two integer
numbers in a single line, separated by a single blank, satisfying 1 < m < 50
and 1 < n < 50.

  
**Output  
**  
The output for each scenario begins with a line containing "Scenario #i:",
where i is the number of the scenario starting at 1. In the next line, print
the length of the shortest traveling-salesman tour rounded to two decimal
digits. The output for every scenario ends with a blank line.

  
**Sample Input**  
  
2

2 2

2 3

  
**Sample Output**  
  
Scenario #1:

4.00

  
Scenario #2:

6.00

* * *

Source: **Northwestern Europe 2001**

[Submit](/onlinejudge/submit.do?problemId=37)
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
[Status](/onlinejudge/showProblemStatus.do?problemId=37)

* * *

Copyright @ 2001-2013, Zhejiang University ACM/ICPC Team, All rights reserved.

