![](/onlinejudge/image/banner.jpg)

Welcome to ZOJ

[Login](/onlinejudge/login.do) | [Register](/onlinejudge/register.do)

[Home](/onlinejudge/) | [Contests](/onlinejudge/showContests.do) |
[Problems](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do) | [Forum](/forum/) |
[Donation](/donation/)

![](/onlinejudge/image/arrow_sub2.gif)

[Problem Sets](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do)

[Information](/onlinejudge/problemsetInfo.do?contestId=1)

[Select Problem](/onlinejudge/showProblems.do?contestId=1)

[Runs](/onlinejudge/showRuns.do?contestId=1)

[Ranklist](/onlinejudge/showRankList.do?contestId=1&from=0&order=AC)

![](/onlinejudge/image/cpc_acm.jpg)

ZOJ Problem Set - 1049

I Think I Need a Houseboat

* * *

Time Limit:  2 Seconds
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
Memory Limit:  65536 KB

* * *

![](showImage.do?name=0000%2F1049%2F1049-1.gif)

Fred Mapper is considering purchasing some land in Louisiana to build his
house on. In the process of investigating the land, he learned that the state
of Louisiana is actually shrinking by 50 square miles each year, due to
erosion caused by the Mississippi River. Since Fred is hoping to live in this
house the rest of his life, he needs to know if his land is going to be lost
to erosion.

  
After doing more research, Fred has learned that the land that is being lost
forms a semicircle. This semicircle is part of a circle centered at (0,0),
with the line that bisects the circle being the X axis. Locations below the X
axis are in the water. The semicircle has an area of 0 at the beginning of
year 1. (Semicircle illustrated in the Figure.)

![](showImage.do?name=0000%2F1049%2F1049-2.gif)

  

**Input Format:**   
  
The first line of input will be a positive integer indicating how many data
sets will be included (N).

  
Each of the next N lines will contain the X and Y Cartesian coordinates of the
land Fred is considering. These will be floating point numbers measured in
miles. The Y coordinate will be non-negative. (0,0) will not be given.

  
**Output Format: **  
  
For each data set, a single line of output should appear. This line should
take the form of:

  
Property N: This property will begin eroding in year Z.

  
Where N is the data set (counting from 1), and Z is the first year (start from
1) this property will be within the semicircle AT THE END OF YEAR Z. Z must be
an integer.

  
After the last data set, this should print out END OF OUTPUT.

Notes:

  
1. No property will appear exactly on the semicircle boundary: it will either
be inside or outside.

  
2. This problem will be judged automatically. Your answer must match exactly,
including the capitalization, punctuation, and white-space. This includes the
periods at the ends of the lines.

  
3. All locations are given in miles.

  
  

**Sample Input: **  
  
2

1.0 1.0

25.0 0.0

  
**Sample Output: **  
  
Property 1: This property will begin eroding in year 1.

Property 2: This property will begin eroding in year 20.

END OF OUTPUT.

* * *

Source: **Mid-Atlantic USA 2001**

[Submit](/onlinejudge/submit.do?problemId=49)
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
[Status](/onlinejudge/showProblemStatus.do?problemId=49)

* * *

Copyright @ 2001-2013, Zhejiang University ACM/ICPC Team, All rights reserved.

