![](/onlinejudge/image/banner.jpg)

Welcome to ZOJ

[Login](/onlinejudge/login.do) | [Register](/onlinejudge/register.do)

[Home](/onlinejudge/) | [Contests](/onlinejudge/showContests.do) |
[Problems](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do) | [Forum](/forum/) |
[Donation](/donation/)

![](/onlinejudge/image/arrow_sub2.gif)

[Problem Sets](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do)

[Information](/onlinejudge/problemsetInfo.do?contestId=1)

[Select Problem](/onlinejudge/showProblems.do?contestId=1)

[Runs](/onlinejudge/showRuns.do?contestId=1)

[Ranklist](/onlinejudge/showRankList.do?contestId=1&from=0&order=AC)

![](/onlinejudge/image/cpc_acm.jpg)

ZOJ Problem Set - 1201

Inversion

* * *

Time Limit:  2 Seconds
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
Memory Limit:  65536 KB

* * *

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Let { A1,A2,...,An } be a permutation of
the set{ 1,2,..., n}. If i < j and Ai > Aj then the pair (Ai,Aj) is called an
"inversion" of the permutation. For example, the permutation {3, 1, 4, 2} has
three inversions: (3,1), (3,2) and (4,2).

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;The inversion table B1,B2,...,Bn of the
permutation { A1,A2,...,An } is obtained by letting Bj be the number of
elements to the left of j that are greater than j. (In other words, Bj is the
number of inversions whose second component is j.) For example, the
permutation:

{ 5,9,1,8,2,6,4,7,3 }

has the inversion table

2 3 6 4 0 2 2 1 0

since there are 2 numbers, 5 and 9, to the left of 1; 3 numbers, 5, 9 and 8,
to the left of 2; etc.

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;Perhaps the most important fact about
inversions is Marshall Hall's observation that an inversion table uniquely
determines the corresponding permutation. So your task is to convert a
permutation to its inversion table, or vise versa, to convert from an
inversion table to the corresponding permutation.

  
**Input:**  
The input consists of several test cases. Each test case contains two lines.

The first line contains a single integer N ( 1 <= N <= 50) which indicates the
number of elements in the permutation/invertion table.

The second line begins with a single charactor either 'P', meaning that the
next N integers form a permutation, or 'I', meaning that the next N integers
form an inversion table.

Following are N integers, separated by spaces. The input is terminated by a
line contains N=0.

  
**Output:**  
For each case of the input output a line of intergers, seperated by a single
space (no space at the end of the line). If the input is a permutation, your
output will be the corresponding inversion table; if the input is an inversion
table, your output will be the corresponding permutation.

  
**Sample Input:**  

    
    
    9
    P 5 9 1 8 2 6 4 7 3
    9
    I 2 3 6 4 0 2 2 1 0
    0
    

  
**Sample Output:**  

    
    
    2 3 6 4 0 2 2 1 0
    5 9 1 8 2 6 4 7 3
    

* * *

Source: **Zhejiang University Local Contest 2002, Preliminary**

[Submit](/onlinejudge/submit.do?problemId=201)
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
[Status](/onlinejudge/showProblemStatus.do?problemId=201)

* * *

Copyright @ 2001-2013, Zhejiang University ACM/ICPC Team, All rights reserved.

