![](/onlinejudge/image/banner.jpg)

Welcome to ZOJ

[Login](/onlinejudge/login.do) | [Register](/onlinejudge/register.do)

[Home](/onlinejudge/) | [Contests](/onlinejudge/showContests.do) |
[Problems](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do) | [Forum](/forum/) |
[Donation](/donation/)

![](/onlinejudge/image/arrow_sub2.gif)

[Problem Sets](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do)

[Information](/onlinejudge/problemsetInfo.do?contestId=1)

[Select Problem](/onlinejudge/showProblems.do?contestId=1)

[Runs](/onlinejudge/showRuns.do?contestId=1)

[Ranklist](/onlinejudge/showRankList.do?contestId=1&from=0&order=AC)

![](/onlinejudge/image/cpc_acm.jpg)

ZOJ Problem Set - 1216

Deck

* * *

Time Limit:  2 Seconds
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
Memory Limit:  65536 KB

* * *

**Scenario**

A single playing card can be placed on a table, carefully, so that the short
edges of the card are parallel to the table's edge, and half the length of the
card hangs over the edge of the table. If the card hung any further out, with
its center of gravity off the table, it would fall off the table and flutter
to the floor. The same reasoning applies if the card were placed on another
card, rather than on a table.

  
Two playing cards can be arranged, carefully, with short edges parallel to
table edges, to extend 3/4 of a card length beyond the edge of the table. The
top card hangs half a card length past the edge of the bottom card. The bottom
card hangs with only 1/4 of its length past the table's edge. The center of
gravity of the two cards combined lies just over the edge of the table.

Three playing cards can be arranged, with short edges parallel to table edges,
and each card touching at most one other card, to extend 11/12 of a card
length beyond the edge of the table. The top two cards extend 3/4 of a card
length beyond the edge of the bottom card, and the bottom card extends only
1/6 over the table's edge; the center of gravity of the three cards lines over
the edges of the table.

If you keep stacking cards so that the edges are aligned and every card has at
most one card above it and one below it, how far out can 4 cards extend over
the table's edge? Or 52 cards? Or 1000 cards? Or 99999?

  
**Input**

Input contains several nonnegative integers, one to a line. No integer exceeds
99999.

  
**Output**

The standard output will contain, on successful completion of the program, a
heading:

  
# Cards Overhang

(that's two spaces between the words) and, following, a line for each input
integer giving the length of the longest overhang achievable with the given
number of cards, measured in cardlengths, and rounded to the nearest
thousandth. The length must be expressed with at least one digit before the
decimal point and exactly three digits after it. The number of cards is right-
justified in column 5, and the decimal points for the lengths lie in column
12.

  
**Sample Input**

1

2

3

4

30

  
**Sample Output**

The line of digits is intended to guide you in proper output alignment, and is
not part of the output that your solution should produce.

  
12345678901234567

# Cards&nbsp_place_holder; Overhang

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;1&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;0.500

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;2&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;0.750

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;3&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;0.917

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;4&
nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nb
sp_place_holder;1.042

&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;30&nbsp_place_holder;
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder; 1.997

* * *

Source: **South Central USA 1998**

[Submit](/onlinejudge/submit.do?problemId=216)
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
[Status](/onlinejudge/showProblemStatus.do?problemId=216)

* * *

Copyright @ 2001-2013, Zhejiang University ACM/ICPC Team, All rights reserved.

