![](/onlinejudge/image/banner.jpg)

Welcome to ZOJ

[Login](/onlinejudge/login.do) | [Register](/onlinejudge/register.do)

[Home](/onlinejudge/) | [Contests](/onlinejudge/showContests.do) |
[Problems](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do) | [Forum](/forum/) |
[Donation](/donation/)

![](/onlinejudge/image/arrow_sub2.gif)

[Problem Sets](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do)

[Information](/onlinejudge/problemsetInfo.do?contestId=1)

[Select Problem](/onlinejudge/showProblems.do?contestId=1)

[Runs](/onlinejudge/showRuns.do?contestId=1)

[Ranklist](/onlinejudge/showRankList.do?contestId=1&from=0&order=AC)

![](/onlinejudge/image/cpc_acm.jpg)

ZOJ Problem Set - 1242

Carbon Dating

* * *

Time Limit:  2 Seconds
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
Memory Limit:  65536 KB

* * *

Until the second half of the 20th century, determining the actual age of an
archaeological find had been more or less a matter of educated guessing.
Comparing finds to previous, already dated, ones and evaluation of the
surroundings of a find were the best available techniques.

But nowadays, there is a much more reliable method: carbon dating. Carbon
dating works as follows: Naturally occurring carbon is a mixture of stable
isotope (mostly 12C) and the unstable, radioactive, isotope 14C. The ratio
between the two is almost constant in living organisms: 14C slowly decays, but
at the same time, the radiation of the sum produces the same amount in the
upper atmosphere, which is taken in by the organisms.

But when, for example, a tree is felled and made to wood, it does not receive
any new 14C, and the amount present in the wood becomes less and less due to
radioactive decay. In this problem, you are to write a program that uses
information about the amount of remaining 14C to determine the approximate age
of sample. The following facts must be used:

The amount of 14C present in a sample halves every 5730 years (this is called
the half-life of 14C).

The rate of decay (measured in decays per hour per gram of carbon) is
proportional to the amount of 14C left in the sample.

In living organisms (age zero), there are 810 decays per hour per gram of
carbon.

So, for example, if we measure in a sample of one gram of carbon 405 decays
per hour, we know that it is approximately 5730 years old.

![](showImage.do?name=0000%2F1242%2F1242.gif)

**Input**

The input contains the measurements taken of several samples we want to date.
Every line contains two positive integers, w and d. w is the amount of carbon
in the sample, measured in grams, and d is the number of decays measured over
one hour.

The input is terminated by a test case starting with w = d = 0.

  
**Output**

For each sample description in the input, first output the numnber of the
sample, as shown in the sample output.Then print the approximate age in the
format

The approximate age is x years.

If the age is less than 10,000 years, x should be rounded to the colsest
multiple of 100 years (rounding up in case of a tie). If the age is more than
10,000 years, round it to the closest multiple of 1000 years (again rounding
up in case of a tie).

Print a blank line after each sample.

  
**Sample Input**

1 405

5 175

0 0

  
**Sample Output**

Sample #1

The approximate age is 5700 years.

  
Sample #2

The approximate age is 26000 years.

* * *

Source: **Southwestern Europe 1997, Practice**

[Submit](/onlinejudge/submit.do?problemId=242)
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
[Status](/onlinejudge/showProblemStatus.do?problemId=242)

* * *

Copyright @ 2001-2013, Zhejiang University ACM/ICPC Team, All rights reserved.

