![](/onlinejudge/image/banner.jpg)

Welcome to ZOJ

[Login](/onlinejudge/login.do) | [Register](/onlinejudge/register.do)

[Home](/onlinejudge/) | [Contests](/onlinejudge/showContests.do) |
[Problems](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do) | [Forum](/forum/) |
[Donation](/donation/)

![](/onlinejudge/image/arrow_sub2.gif)

[Problem Sets](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do)

[Information](/onlinejudge/problemsetInfo.do?contestId=1)

[Select Problem](/onlinejudge/showProblems.do?contestId=1)

[Runs](/onlinejudge/showRuns.do?contestId=1)

[Ranklist](/onlinejudge/showRankList.do?contestId=1&from=0&order=AC)

![](/onlinejudge/image/cpc_acm.jpg)

ZOJ Problem Set - 1331

Perfect Cubes

* * *

Time Limit:  10 Seconds
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
Memory Limit:  32768 KB

* * *

For hundreds of years Fermat's Last Theorem, which stated simply that for n >
2 there exist no integers a, b, c > 1 such that a^n = b^n + c^n, has remained
elusively unproven. (A recent proof is believed to be correct, though it is
still undergoing scrutiny.) It is possible, however, to find integers greater
than 1 that satisfy the ``perfect cube'' equation a^3 = b^3 + c^3 + d^3 (e.g.
a quick calculation will show that the equation 12^3 = 6^3 + 8^3 + 10^3 is
indeed true). This problem requires that you write a program to find all sets
of numbers {a, b, c, d} which satisfy this equation for a <= 200.

  
**Output**

The output should be listed as shown below, one perfect cube per line, in non-
decreasing order of a (i.e. the lines should be sorted by their a values). The
values of b, c, and d should also be listed in non-decreasing order on the
line itself. There do exist several values of a which can be produced from
multiple distinct sets of b, c, and d triples. In these cases, the triples
with the smaller b values should be listed first.

The first part of the output is shown here:

Cube = 6, Triple = (3,4,5)

Cube = 12, Triple = (6,8,10)

Cube = 18, Triple = (2,12,16)

Cube = 18, Triple = (9,12,15)

Cube = 19, Triple = (3,10,18)

Cube = 20, Triple = (7,14,17)

Cube = 24, Triple = (12,16,20)

Note: The programmer will need to be concerned with an efficient
implementation. The official time limit for this problem is 2 minutes, and it
is indeed possible to write a solution to this problem which executes in under
2 minutes on a 33 MHz 80386 machine. Due to the distributed nature of the
contest in this region, judges have been instructed to make the official time
limit at their site the greater of 2 minutes or twice the time taken by the
judge's solution on the machine being used to judge this problem.

* * *

Source: **Mid-Central USA 1995**

[Submit](/onlinejudge/submit.do?problemId=331)
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
[Status](/onlinejudge/showProblemStatus.do?problemId=331)

* * *

Copyright @ 2001-2013, Zhejiang University ACM/ICPC Team, All rights reserved.

