![](/onlinejudge/image/banner.jpg)

Welcome to ZOJ

[Login](/onlinejudge/login.do) | [Register](/onlinejudge/register.do)

[Home](/onlinejudge/) | [Contests](/onlinejudge/showContests.do) |
[Problems](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do) | [Forum](/forum/) |
[Donation](/donation/)

![](/onlinejudge/image/arrow_sub2.gif)

[Problem Sets](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do)

[Information](/onlinejudge/problemsetInfo.do?contestId=1)

[Select Problem](/onlinejudge/showProblems.do?contestId=1)

[Runs](/onlinejudge/showRuns.do?contestId=1)

[Ranklist](/onlinejudge/showRankList.do?contestId=1&from=0&order=AC)

![](/onlinejudge/image/cpc_acm.jpg)

ZOJ Problem Set - 1394

Polar Explorer

* * *

Time Limit:  2 Seconds
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
Memory Limit:  65536 KB

* * *

**Introduction**  
  
You are a intrepid 2-dimensional explorer located at the northern polar
reaches of a distant 2-dimensional planet. Unfortunately, you have been
assigned to explore the most boring planet in the known universe (due
primarily to your lack of social skills and aggressive body odor). Having a
perfectly circular surface, your planet holds no surprises for a would-be
explorer.

However, you have recently received a distress call from an alien ship which
has crash-landed somewhere on the surface of your planet. Unfortunately, you
designed your own equipment, and the only information it will give you is an
angle (measured from the center of the planet) separating you from the crash
site.

Using this information along with how much gasoline is available for your
planet-rover (which gets a measley 5 miles per gallon), you have to determine
if you can possibly get to the crash site and back without running out of
fuel.

![](showImage.do?name=0000%2F1394%2F1394.gif)

**  
Input**

  
Input to this problem will consist of a (non-empty) series of up to 100 data
sets. Each data set will be formatted according to the following description,
and there will be no blank lines separating data sets.

A single data set has 3 components:

  
Start line - A single line, "START".

  
Input line - A single line, "X Y Z", where:

  
X : (1 <= X <= 100) is the radius of your planet in integer miles

  
Y : (0 <= Y <= 100) is the amount of gasoline in your planet-rover in integer
gallons

  
Z : (0 <= Z <= 360) is an angle separating you from the crash site in integer
degrees

End line - A single line, "END".

  
Following the final data set will be a single line, "ENDOFINPUT".

  
Take note of the following:

  
The circumference of a circle in terms of its radius, r, is known to be 2r

  
Assume that  = 3.14159

  
** Output**  
  
For each data set, there will be exactly one line of output. If you have
enough fuel to get to the crash site and back, the line will read, "YES X"
where X is the amount of fuel you will have left expressed as an integer
number of gallons (truncate any fractional gallons). If you do not have
sufficient fuel, the line will read, "NO Y" where Y is the distance you can
travel expressed as an integer number of miles.

**  
Sample Input**

START

1 100 0

END

START

10 0 1

END

START

100 50 90

END

START

100 50 270

END

ENDOFINPUT

  
**Sample Output**

YES 100

NO 0

NO 250

NO 250

* * *

Source: **South Central USA 2002**

[Submit](/onlinejudge/submit.do?problemId=394)
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
[Status](/onlinejudge/showProblemStatus.do?problemId=394)

* * *

Copyright @ 2001-2013, Zhejiang University ACM/ICPC Team, All rights reserved.

