![](/onlinejudge/image/banner.jpg)

Welcome to ZOJ

[Login](/onlinejudge/login.do) | [Register](/onlinejudge/register.do)

[Home](/onlinejudge/) | [Contests](/onlinejudge/showContests.do) |
[Problems](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do) | [Forum](/forum/) |
[Donation](/donation/)

![](/onlinejudge/image/arrow_sub2.gif)

[Problem Sets](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do)

[Information](/onlinejudge/problemsetInfo.do?contestId=1)

[Select Problem](/onlinejudge/showProblems.do?contestId=1)

[Runs](/onlinejudge/showRuns.do?contestId=1)

[Ranklist](/onlinejudge/showRankList.do?contestId=1&from=0&order=AC)

![](/onlinejudge/image/cpc_acm.jpg)

ZOJ Problem Set - 1514

Fake Tickets

* * *

Time Limit:  2 Seconds
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
Memory Limit:  65536 KB

* * *

Your school organized a big party to celebrate your team brilliant win in the
prestigious, worldfamous ICPC (International Collegiate Poetry Contest).
Everyone in your school was invited for an evening which included cocktail,
dinner and a session where your team work was read to the audience. The
evening was a success - many more people than you expected showed interested
in your poetry - although some critics of yours said it was food rather than
words that attracted such an audience.

  
Whatever the reason, the next day you found out why the school hall had seemed
so full: the school director confided he had discovered that several of the
tickets used by the guests were fake. The real tickets were numbered
sequentially from 1 to N (N <= 10000). The director suspects some people had
used the school scanner and printer from the Computer Room to produce copies
of the real tickets. The director gave you a pack with all tickets collected
from the guests at the party's entrance, and asked you to determine how many
tickets in the pack had 'clones', that is, another ticket with the same
sequence number.

  
**Input**  
  
The input contains data for several test cases. Each test case has two lines.
The first line contains two integers N and M which indicate respectively the
number of original tickets and the number of persons attending the party (1 <=
N <= 10000 and 1 <= M <= 20000). The second line of a test case contains M
integers Ti representing the ticket numbers in the pack the director gave you
(1 <= Ti <= N). The end of input is indicated by N = M = 0.

  
**Output**  
  
For each test case your program should print one line, containing the number
of tickets in the pack that had another ticket with the same sequence number.

  
**Sample Input**

5 5

3 3 1 2 4

6 10

6 1 3 6 6 4 2 3 1 2

0 0

  
**Sample Output**

1

4

* * *

Source: **South America 2002, Practice**

[Submit](/onlinejudge/submit.do?problemId=514)
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
[Status](/onlinejudge/showProblemStatus.do?problemId=514)

* * *

Copyright @ 2001-2013, Zhejiang University ACM/ICPC Team, All rights reserved.

