![](/onlinejudge/image/banner.jpg)

Welcome to ZOJ

[Login](/onlinejudge/login.do) | [Register](/onlinejudge/register.do)

[Home](/onlinejudge/) | [Contests](/onlinejudge/showContests.do) |
[Problems](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do) | [Forum](/forum/) |
[Donation](/donation/)

![](/onlinejudge/image/arrow_sub2.gif)

[Problem Sets](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do)

[Information](/onlinejudge/problemsetInfo.do?contestId=1)

[Select Problem](/onlinejudge/showProblems.do?contestId=1)

[Runs](/onlinejudge/showRuns.do?contestId=1)

[Ranklist](/onlinejudge/showRankList.do?contestId=1&from=0&order=AC)

![](/onlinejudge/image/cpc_acm.jpg)

ZOJ Problem Set - 1715

When Can We Meet?

* * *

Time Limit:  2 Seconds
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
Memory Limit:  65536 KB

* * *

The ICPC committee would like to have its meeting as soon as possible to
address every little issue of the next contest. However, members of the
committee are so busy maniacally developing (possibly useless) programs that
it is very difficult to arrange their schedules for the meeting. So, in order
to settle the meeting date, the chairperson requested every member to send
back a list of convenient dates by E-mail. Your mission is to help the
chairperson, who is now dedicated to other issues of the contest, by writing a
program that chooses the best date from the submitted lists. Your program
should find the date convenient for the most members. If there is more than
one such day, the earliest is the best.

  
**Input**  
  
The input has multiple data sets, each starting with a line containing the
number of committee members and the quorum of the meeting.

N Q

  
Here, N, meaning the size of the committee, and Q meaning the quorum, are
positive integers. N is less than 50, and, of course, Q is less than or equal
to N.

N lines follow, each describing convenient dates for a committee member in the
following format.

M Date1 Date2 ... DateM

  
Here, M means the number of convenient dates for the member, which is an
integer greater than or equal to zero. The remaining items in the line are
his/her dates of convenience, which are positive integers less than 100, that
is, 1 means tomorrow, 2 means the day after tomorrow, and so on. They are in
ascending order without any repetition and separated by a space character.
Lines have neither leading nor trailing spaces.

A line containing two zeros indicates the end of the input.

  
**Output**  
  
For each data set, print a single line containing the date number convenient
for the largest number of committee members. If there is more than one such
date, print the earliest. However, if no dates are convenient for more than or
equal to the quorum number of members, print 0 instead.

  
**Sample Input**  
  
3 2

2 1 4

0

3 3 4 8

3 2

4 1 5 8 9

3 2 5 9

5 2 4 5 7 9

3 3

2 1 4

3 2 5 9

2 2 4

3 3

2 1 2

3 1 2 9

2 2 4

0 0

  
**Sample Output**  
  
4

5

0

2

* * *

Source: **Asia 2003, Aizu (Japan), Japan Domestic**

[Submit](/onlinejudge/submit.do?problemId=715)
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
[Status](/onlinejudge/showProblemStatus.do?problemId=715)

* * *

Copyright @ 2001-2013, Zhejiang University ACM/ICPC Team, All rights reserved.

