![](/onlinejudge/image/banner.jpg)

Welcome to ZOJ

[Login](/onlinejudge/login.do) | [Register](/onlinejudge/register.do)

[Home](/onlinejudge/) | [Contests](/onlinejudge/showContests.do) |
[Problems](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do) | [Forum](/forum/) |
[Donation](/donation/)

![](/onlinejudge/image/arrow_sub2.gif)

[Problem Sets](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do)

[Information](/onlinejudge/problemsetInfo.do?contestId=1)

[Select Problem](/onlinejudge/showProblems.do?contestId=1)

[Runs](/onlinejudge/showRuns.do?contestId=1)

[Ranklist](/onlinejudge/showRankList.do?contestId=1&from=0&order=AC)

![](/onlinejudge/image/cpc_acm.jpg)

ZOJ Problem Set - 2001

Adding Reversed Numbers

* * *

Time Limit:  2 Seconds
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
Memory Limit:  65536 KB

* * *

The Antique Comedians of Malidinesia prefer comedies to tragedies.
Unfortunately, most of the ancient plays are tragedies. Therefore the dramatic
advisor of ACM has decided to transfigure some tragedies into comedies.
Obviously, this work is very hard because the basic sense of the play must be
kept intact, although all the things change to their opposites. For example
the numbers: if any number appears in the tragedy, it must be converted to its
reversed form before being accepted into the comedy play.

Reversed number is a number written in arabic numerals but the order of digits
is reversed. The first digit becomes last and vice versa. For example, if the
main hero had 1245 strawberries in the tragedy, he has 5421 of them now. Note
that all the leading zeros are omitted. That means if the number ends with a
zero, the zero is lost by reversing (e.g. 1200 gives 21). Also note that the
reversed number never has any trailing zeros.

ACM needs to calculate with reversed numbers. Your task is to add two reversed
numbers and output their reversed sum. Of course, the result is not unique
because any particular number is a reversed form of several numbers (e.g. 21
could be 12, 120 or 1200 before reversing). Thus we must assume that no zeros
were lost by reversing (e.g. assume that the original number was 12).

  
**Input**  
  
The input consists of N cases. The first line of the input contains only
positive integer N. Then follow the cases. Each case consists of exactly one
line with two positive integers separated by space. These are the reversed
numbers you are to add.

  
**Output**  
  
For each case, print exactly one line containing only one integer - the
reversed sum of two reversed numbers. Omit any leading zeros in the output.

  
**Sample Input**  
  
3

24 1

4358 754

305 794

  
**Sample Output**  
  
34

1998

1

* * *

Source: **Central Europe 1998**

[Submit](/onlinejudge/submit.do?problemId=1001)
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
[Status](/onlinejudge/showProblemStatus.do?problemId=1001)

* * *

Copyright @ 2001-2013, Zhejiang University ACM/ICPC Team, All rights reserved.

