![](/onlinejudge/image/banner.jpg)

Welcome to ZOJ

[Login](/onlinejudge/login.do) | [Register](/onlinejudge/register.do)

[Home](/onlinejudge/) | [Contests](/onlinejudge/showContests.do) |
[Problems](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do) | [Forum](/forum/) |
[Donation](/donation/)

![](/onlinejudge/image/arrow_sub2.gif)

[Problem Sets](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do)

[Information](/onlinejudge/problemsetInfo.do?contestId=1)

[Select Problem](/onlinejudge/showProblems.do?contestId=1)

[Runs](/onlinejudge/showRuns.do?contestId=1)

[Ranklist](/onlinejudge/showRankList.do?contestId=1&from=0&order=AC)

![](/onlinejudge/image/cpc_acm.jpg)

ZOJ Problem Set - 2345

Gold Coins

* * *

Time Limit:  2 Seconds
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
Memory Limit:  65536 KB

* * *

The king pays his loyal knight in gold coins. On the first day of his service,
the knight receives one gold coin. On each of the next two days (the second
and third days of service), the knight receives two gold coins. On each of the
next three days (the fourth, fifth, and sixth days of service), the knight
receives three gold coins. On each of the next four days (the seventh, eighth,
ninth, and tenth days of service), the knight receives four gold coins. This
pattern of payments will continue indefinitely: after receiving _N_ gold coins
on each of _N_ consecutive days, the knight will receive _N_+1 gold coins on
each of the next _N_+1 consecutive days, where _N_ is any positive integer.

Your program will determine the total number of gold coins paid to the knight
in any given number of days (starting from Day 1).

**

This problem contains multiple test cases!

**

The first line of a multiple input is an integer N, then a blank line followed
by N input blocks. Each input block is in the format indicated in the problem
description. There is a blank line between input blocks.

The output format consists of N output blocks. There is a blank line between
output blocks.

**

Input

**

Each input block contains at least one, but no more than 21 lines. Each line
of the input (except the last one) contains data for one test case of the
problem, consisting of exactly one integer (in the range 1..10000),
representing the number of days. The end of the input is signaled by a line
containing the number 0.

**

Output

**

There is exactly one line of output for each test case. This line contains the
number of days from the corresponding line of input, followed by one blank
space and the total number of gold coins paid to the knight in the given
number of days, starting with Day 1.

**

Sample Input

**

1

  
10

6

7

11

15

16

100

10000

1000

21

22

0

**

Sample Output

**

10 30

6 14

7 18

11 35

15 55

16 61

100 945

10000 942820

1000 29820

21 91

22 98

* * *

Source: **Rocky Mountain 2004**

[Submit](/onlinejudge/submit.do?problemId=1321)
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
[Status](/onlinejudge/showProblemStatus.do?problemId=1321)

* * *

Copyright @ 2001-2013, Zhejiang University ACM/ICPC Team, All rights reserved.

