![](/onlinejudge/image/banner.jpg)

Welcome to ZOJ

[Login](/onlinejudge/login.do) | [Register](/onlinejudge/register.do)

[Home](/onlinejudge/) | [Contests](/onlinejudge/showContests.do) |
[Problems](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do) | [Forum](/forum/) |
[Donation](/donation/)

![](/onlinejudge/image/arrow_sub2.gif)

[Problem Sets](/onlinejudge/showProblemsets.do)

[Information](/onlinejudge/problemsetInfo.do?contestId=1)

[Select Problem](/onlinejudge/showProblems.do?contestId=1)

[Runs](/onlinejudge/showRuns.do?contestId=1)

[Ranklist](/onlinejudge/showRankList.do?contestId=1&from=0&order=AC)

![](/onlinejudge/image/cpc_acm.jpg)

ZOJ Problem Set - 2351

Litmus Test

* * *

Time Limit:  2 Seconds
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
Memory Limit:  65536 KB

* * *

The pH scale measures the concentration of protons (H+) in a solution and,
therefore, its acidity or alkalinity. The pH value of a solution is a number
between 0 and 14; it is less than 7 if the solution is acidic, greater than 7
if the solution is basic, and 7 if it is neutral.

The formula for calculating pH is

pH = -log10 [H+]

where [H+] is the concentration of protons measured in moles per litre.

To calculate the pH value of an acid, one has to determine the concentration
of protons in the solution. When an acid is dissolved in water, an equilibrium
is reached and is governed by the equation

Ka = [H+] [acid ions] / [acid]

where Ka is the acidity constant (known for each acid), [acid ions] is the
concentration of the acid ions that have dissolved, and [acid] is the
concentration of the undissolved acid. Before the acid is added, both [H+] and
[acid ions] are assumed to be 0.

For example, the acidity constant of methanoic acid is 1.6 x 10-4. Dissolving
one mole of acid molecules results in one mole of H+ and one mole of acid
ions. If the initial concentration of the methanoic acid is 0.1 moles/L and
_x_ moles of acid are dissolved (per liter), then the final concentration at
equilibrium would be 0.1 - _x_ moles/L for the acid and _x_ moles/L for H+ and
the acid ions.

**

Input

**

The input consists of a number of test cases. Each test case contains 4
numbers on a line: two positive floating-point numbers specifying the acidity
constant Ka and the original concentration of the acid (in moles/liter) added
to the water, as well as two positive integers _m_ and _n_ indicating that
each mole of acid molecules is dissolved into _m_ moles of H+ ions and _n_
moles of acid ions. The floating-point numbers are specified in scientific
notation as shown below. The input is terminated with a line containing four
zeros.

**

Output

**

For each test case, print on a line the pH value of the solution, rounded to 3
decimal places.

**

This problem contains multiple test cases!

**

The first line of a multiple input is an integer N, then a blank line followed
by N input blocks. Each input block is in the format indicated in the problem
description. There is a blank line between input blocks.

The output format consists of N output blocks. There is a blank line between
output blocks.

**

Sample Input

**

1

  
1.6e-04 1.0e-01 1 1

1.6e-04 1.0e-01 4 1

1.5e-05 5.0e-02 1 2

0 0 0 0

**

Sample Output

**

2.407

2.101

3.216

* * *

Source: **Rocky Mountain 2004**

[Submit](/onlinejudge/submit.do?problemId=1327)
&nbsp_place_holder;&nbsp_place_holder;
[Status](/onlinejudge/showProblemStatus.do?problemId=1327)

* * *

Copyright @ 2001-2013, Zhejiang University ACM/ICPC Team, All rights reserved.

